What's one of the coolest features native apps can access and can use? Push notifications,
there's no better way of getting your users back into your application.
You have your mobile phone in your pocket and suddenly it vibrates,
you have a look at it and you see there is this new article you definitely have to read in your favorite
app,
well you just tap on the notification and boom, you're on the article. From a developer perspective,
that's awesome,
that's the best way to drive user engagement and re-engage users with your application.
And from a user perspective, you get informed about things which matter to you, at least if it's done
in a good way.
In this module, you will learn how you can enable push notifications in web apps.
Yes, this is possible and this will also, at least for Android, even work if your phone is in your pocket.
Let's see how we enable push notifications and how we add such a feature to our application.